add prefix config from environment variable (#4)
bitnami/bitnami-docker-phppgadmin: README.md

- `PHP_POST_MAX_SIZE`: Maximum size for PHP POST requests. Default: **80M**
- `PHP_UPLOAD_MAX_FILESIZE`: Maximum file size for PHP upload. Default: **80M**

### Apache configuration

> - `PHPPGADMIN_URL_PREFIX`: URL prefix from where it will be accessible (i.e. /phppgadmin)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PHPPGADMIN_URL_PREFIX`: URL prefix from where it will be accessible (e.g. /phppgadmin). No default.
```
